Name:         8¥24 GC Software
Version:      7.0.1
Released:     May 18, 1992
Description:  This is a repost of the Macintosh 8¥24 GC Video Card software previously
                         posted here.  It is intended for use with System 7.1 and earlier.  It is not
                         fully compatible with System 7.5.   Version 1.1, included in this archive,
                         is for use with System 6.

The enclosed file is a self-extracting archive. To use, download, double-click the downloaded file (this decompresses it).


WHAT IS THE 8¥24 GC SOFTWARE?

The 8¥24 GC software is a control panel device that enables graphics acceleration with the Macintoshª Display Card 8¥24 GC.

WHAT DO I NEED TO USE THE 8¥24 GC VERSION 7.01 SOFTWARE?

You must have the following installed in your Macintosh:
   ÑSystem 7.0 or greater (do NOT use System 6.0.x)
   Ñan 8¥24 GC card
   Ña minimum of 3 megabytes of RAM

HOW TO INSTALL THE 8¥24 GC SOFTWARE

1.  Insert the 8¥24 GC disk into your computer's floppy disk drive.
2.  Drag the 8¥24 GC icon to the system folder on your startup disk.  System 7 will
      install this in the Control Panels folder for you.
3.  You will need to restart your Macintosh for the software to be fully installed.

PLEASE NOTE:   The 8¥24 GC software is not designed for use with 68040 (Quadra) Macintosh computers.  Although the software can be copied into Control Panels, acceleration is permanently disabled.

AFTER YOU INSTALL

Restart your computer.  A rocket will appear and travel up your screen.  This indicates that the software has been installed correctly and acceleration is enabled.

If the rocket does not travel up your screen and instead appears with a red circled line through it, there has been a problem installing the software. Please check your 8¥24 GC manual for troubleshooting information.

KNOWN 3RD PARTY PRODUCT PROBLEMS WITH THE 8¥24 GC

The following is a list of known problems running 3rd party applications with 8¥24GC acceleration.  Developers are being notified of these problems.  In some cases, the developer has already addressed the problem and a resolution is listed, preceded by an "°."

Until new versions are available from the 3rd party companies below, a temporary workaround for any of these bugs is to disable acceleration on the 8¥24 GC card.  To do this, choose Control Panels from the Apple menu.  Find and select the 8¥24 GC icon.  In the box that appears at the top of the 8¥24 GC Control Panel, click the icon with a circled line through it to turn acceleration off.  When you turn acceleration on or off in the Control Panel, the change takes effect immediately; that is, you don't have to choose Restart.

¥  MacRendermanª 1.1
    When you try to render a ".rib" file from RenderAppª you will get a bus error
    some time during the rendering process.  We recommend that you disable
    acceleration before attempting this process, since it may take some time
    for the bug to surface, and your rendering process will need to be restarted.
    This problem is caused by MacRenderman's access of various reserved fields
    in QuickDraw data structures.  The developer has been notified of the issue.

¥  Aldus PageMakerª 4.01
    When using an Adobe Type Managerª font with PageMaker 4.01, no text appears on
    the screen when you type.
    °  This problem has been fixed in Aldus PageMaker 4.2

¥  Macromind Directorª 3.1
    While running an animation sequence, you will notice some screen corruption
    around moving objects.  Please note that other programs or games created with
    Macromind Director will display similar screen corruption.  The developer has been
    notified of this problem.

¥  ImageStudioª 1.7
    After launching ImageStudio, you will notice that the palette below the untitled
    document window, which is supposed to be grayscale, is solid black.   We have
     notified the developer of this issue.

¥  DesignStudioª 2.0
    While scrolling up and down through pages of text, you will notice that some of
     the text will appear smeared on the screen.  The problem does not result in data
     corruption or system locks.  The developer has been notified of this problem.

¥ Aldus SuperPaint 3.0
    When running Aldus SuperPaint 3.0 random bus errors can occur.  The developer has
    been notified of this issue.

¥  Imageª 1.26f
    The LUT display on the left side of the screen is white instead of grayscale or
     color.  Text drawn on the screen will appear fuzzy.  Images will appear with extra
     dots.  We have notified the developer of this problem.

¥  FullWrite Professionalª 1.6(p1)
    Text that is highlighted disappears when you release the mouse.  The developer has
    been notified of this problem.

¥  ClickChangeª
    With ClickChangeª enabled, the system will hang when you switch between colors
    and grays in the monitor control panel.  Sometimes it takes a couple of times
    before your system will actually hang.  The developer has been notified of the
    issue.

¥  Radius Rocketª
    The Radius Rocket is not compatible with the display card 8¥24 GC.

¥  Microsoft Flight Simulator 4.0ª
    With the screen set to 4-bits per pixel or higher (16 colors), you will get a bus
    error upon launching Flight Simulator 4.0.ª   This is an incompatibility related
    to Flight Simulator's access of reserved registers in the 680X0 that are used
    by system software.  The developer has been notified of the issue.

¥  Maxima RAM diskª
    Maximaª causes portions of the menu titles and/or areas behind some menus to be
    filled with corrupted data (random data).  This problem will occur more frequently
    if the cards are placed in the high numbered NuBus slots (e.g. $e or slot 6 on the
    IIfx).  Technically, this RAM disk is moving information from RAM into ROM address
    space which is reserved for Apple software.  We have notified the developer of this
    issue.

¥  AfterDarkª 2.0v  (fish module only)
    When the "fish" module is active, you will notice a decrease in performance - the
    fish swim slower with the 8¥24 GC acceleration ON.   Technically, this is caused by
    misalignment of the fish pixmap drawings themselves, which leads to non-optimal
    performance.  Other than this, the module works fine.  This is likely to be fixed in
    future versions of the module.

¥  Startup Managerª
    When using Startup Manager to change the order that your INITs are launching,
    and if the 8¥24 GC rocket appears on the second row, there will be slight screen
    corruption when the rocket flies.    NOTE:  This is an on-screen artifact only,
    and does not affect performance or data.

¥  "ECS" or Engineering Capturing Systemª
    When running the "Symbol" application, you will see 3 extra horizontal lines when
    the screen depth is set to 8-bits per pixel.

¥ A general note about games
    Most games will not be accelerated by the 8¥24GC card.  Technically, this is
    most often caused by the developer not using GWorlds for animation.

KNOWN APPLE SOFTWARE COMPATIBILITY ISSUES WITH THE 8¥24 GC CARD

¥  If you are using Chinese Talk II please make sure it is version 1.1 or greater.

¥  Please note that the 8¥24GC card does not accelerate the display of TrueTypeª fonts.  For optimum performance, install the appropriate size bit-map 